# Emerald of soul

When Emerald opened her eyes, it was as if the world was colored once again. She looked at her father. She didn't say anything at first. Just looked at him before jumping at him, hugging, crying. Supplicating for sorry. And the mayor, also with tears on his eyes, comforted her, telling her it wasn't her fault. It wasn't her fault  everything that happened to her. She was hurt before, beyond comprehension. She was hurt so much, he lost her ability to feel.

It wasn't her fault. He repeated once and again and again. 

The body of Emerald was still cracked. They were still cracks all around, but they looked healed, as if, as if gold was placed on top of her wounds, sealing them. She wasn't lost in essence anymore. She was healing. She was better.

After they separated, finally giving the others a moment to look at her, it was clear there were a few changes, aside of the obvious before her body was placed in the bed. Her eyes. One of her eyes was back to her emerald green that gave her her name. The other was colored as a rainbow. Iridescent, changing color depending on were you look at. Her hair was no longer as straight as it was. Waves formed on it. and, her voice...

The desperation of the beautiful moment was enough to make people ignore it, but it was clear there were two voices when she talked. One sounded like her, the other sounded like the spirit that promised to save her, as if they both were talking at the same time.

Tears still of her eyes, but calmer than before. She said her thanks, repeating how much he was thankful for being safe. She was so happy. She was so, so, so guilty. Her hands were filled with so much blood, even when most of that blood from the same people that hurt her. There was the blood of innocents who fell under her monster self.

Behind her, a second set of hands appeared. They were like the hands of a ghost, transparent, but kind. They held her hands and whispered to her ear. The same things her father told her. "It's not your fault. It's not your fault."

You were hurt, beyond belief. You were hurt so much that you weren't different between survival and others. Everything is okay now, repeated the voice in her mind. And... Emerald smiled at her. She didn't know what happened. She didn't know what was this voice in her mind. But she just felt calm, hearing it. "So," she asked, "who are you?"

A double voice escaping her mouth. And as an answer, she heard, "Call me, Vita. I help them saving you. I sealed the tears of your soul. And now I will be here with you."

That just gave her more questions. But she complained. Everything was okay. Honestly, she just was so tired and wanting to go back to sleep. She got worried about what everything of this means tomorrow. Was it all she had before she told everyone to go out? Only her father and her were left in the room. And before he said anything. She was already back asleep.
- ## Day 2
  
  The second time Emerald woke up, she was alone in the room. It was already well into the early morning. 3am, that was at least what the clock her wall said. In front of her, she saw a ghostly figure. She didn't know how but she knew the figure was the same voice that the previous day talked to her. "Hey" She called. The figure turned around, many hands without an origin. A crown made of little stars. And the feeling the figure was smiling despite not having a face or a mouth. It was strange, but somehow Emerald knew she was safe around them. 
  
  "Do you know what happened?" The figure Asked. Emerald thought about it, but she couldn't find an answer. She obviously knew how she got here. The whole mess was still in her mind. And just thinking about it made her want to cry again. But she didn't know how was she saved. She was so hungry, she was craving for so much essence. She felt her soul breaking into little pieces. She felt herself falling away. How? Why was she in her bed? Why was she again herself?
  
  She negated knowing how she got here. The figure approached her. And in one of her many hands she held hers as the figure sat in her bed in front of her.
  
  "Your father doesn't know either the full context. I explained to him some of the details, but he was more desperate to save you than to think about what would be the consequences. We'll need to have a conversation with him later, but I first need you to know, and to not freak out"
  
  A move of her head was Emerald saying she wasn't understanding what the figure was talking about. She had already a feeling that however this person saved her it wasn't going to be cheap or without consequences. But she wasn't understanding what it meant.
  
  "I want you to look at your hands" Her hands glowing with cracks still visible, sealed with a gold like substance. With a strange texture to it. It wasn't that much like a metal, but like some kind of wax, a golden glowing beautiful wax.
  
  "Do you know what this is?" Emerald knew. More because of an instinct still inside her than anything else.
  
  It was essence in a strange solid state but essence. She didn't know you could take that form. For her it was that pure white liquid that made her body feel healed and full even when she was cracking down.
  
  "Essence." She finally said.
  
  "Yeah, that is essence. I was able to use the essence in that pool of stolen to seal the wounds of your soul and your body.
  That's how I prevented you from completely shattering. But just doing that wasn't be enough. You already lost too much essence by then. So something else had to be done."
  
  The figure made a pause. As if looking for what was to continue her history. Emerald knew that something was up. How could she recover the parts of herself that were already lost? How could this figure manipulate essence to seal the bounds of herself? And why? She never met the figure before. They had no reason to help her. What would they want doing this? Why her?
  
  "Bear with me and don't interrupt me till I finish. This will be strange and you'll probably have a lot of questions. So please listen.
  
  Emerald shut the words that were already in her mouth up.
  
  "You can call me Vita, that how everyone here has been calling me. I am many and one at the same time. I am a small little piece of something way bigger in the universe. And as a single piece, my power is very limited. But because of my nature, I can see. I feel the pieces. I can see other people's souls. And I can interact with them.
  
  If the damage wasn't already so profound, this would be enough to fix your soul. But it wasn't. And... There's no big reason for it, I didn't't want it to see you dying. I didn't want your soul. One so beautiful and kind. Be lost into oblivion. So, as just a piece of myself, I propose a solution to your father.
  
  I tied the lost pieces into myself and use this part of me to be the glue to put the pieces together to the rest of you. This can repair your soul but in doing so we both we will fuse together into a single soul, sharing a single body. You will still be yourself, I will still be myself because a complete fusion with me is not possible for more than a few reasons.
  
  Still, we will inevitably influence each other. You will change. I will change. And maybe... If time is long enough, there might be a moment when it becomes difficult to differentiate what is you and what is me. But you will still get to live. Your memories, your body, everything. You will still be with you. And... I will also get a benefit. A vessel. A place to hide from the eyes of someone who is always looking. This is the only thing I need. And I promise I will not interfere."
  
  "What do you mean about a fusion? It's not it. That thing from the movies when two people are one or... Well, how is possible you're in front of me? I... I... I not mad. I... You were right I have too many questions."
  
  "And I'll answer them the best as I can. But to start, yes, you could say it's like the fusions in the movies, And as of why I'm here talking in front of you, well, you're not even awake. This is just a dream. When you wake up, I suggest you go see yourself in the mirror."
  
  And then she opened her eyes. She was still in the same room. But everything was just a little bit out of place. It was dark outside. And the clock marked only 5 am. Emerald fell heavy. When she stood out of her bed, there was a weight on her back. There was a weight in the steps as she made her way out she wasn't used to.
  
  She walked through the hallways that felt just a little bit smaller. Or maybe she was taller. It wasn't a big difference. But the sudden change still made her feel out of place. She walked into the bathroom.
  
  The light flashing into her eyes. The darkness suddenly turned into light. And she stared at the mirror. Vita was right in suggesting her to do this first. Because she truly looked different. It was clearly still her. It was still her face. Still her white hair. But at the same time she looked very different. She glowing cracks on her face. Sealed with gold. Those she saw in her dream. But then her left eye. Her eyes she was sure he'd lost while in the chaos as her body crumbled into something shapeless. It was back, but with a iridescent color. The weight of her back now was explained. With a set of 5 wings flopping as she tried to move them. It felt natural even though it was completely new and strange.
  
  She was definitely taller, no much taller. She could maybe guess 5 to 10 cm, noticeable, but she wasn't touching the ceiling anytime soon. She was spinning, looking for more difference. She had... A few extra marks in her body. lines that looked more like patches or a birth mark, rather than another scar. the tip of her fingers seemed to finish in white. The color of her new wings changed from white to blue, purple and turquoise. But there was something more, something not visible but she knew was somehow different on her.
  
  "You evolved. Among your dips in those pulls of essence, your body and soul grew stronger as it was also breaking. There's no name for what you are now. But in just seeing it, it tells a lot about yourself that you don't look all that different from before."
  
  Vita said, now in her mind again, her voice sounded indistinguishable from her own thoughts. Emerald would have probably believe her voice was something she thought about if she didn't knew better. It was an strange sensation, feeling she wasn't alone on her own mind.
  
  "What do you mean? Evolution?"
  
  Emerald pause, surprised by her own voice. It sounded strange as if there were two voices coming out of her mouth instead of one. Her own voice and the voice of Vita. "What?! Why does my voice sound like this?!"
  
  "It's called an evolution when someone's race is changed to become something stronger, better, different."
  
  I have never seen a nyphen in evolving. I thought it was impossible. But now that I'm seeing this... you really love your home, do you? This underground city, the people around, the remnants."
  
  "They are the only family I ever knew. They always treated me as one of them regardless of my race or that I was just the adopted daughter of my dad. I'm not as powerful of as good as a leader as him.
  
  For me I have always been a winged remnant."
-
- tags:: Story/BrainStorm