tags:: Races/Graveborns

- # Frost walker
  
  **Origin:**  Graveborn
  
  **Base abilities:**
- **ice body:** Frost walkers bodies are made out of a magical type of ice that won’t start melting on temperatures below 1800 degrees celsius and can be manipulated by the frost walker on it’s entirety, even while parts are  broken and separated from the rest of the body, as long as this pieces remain on a 50 meter distance from the user and aren’t smaller than 3 inches.
- **Agility:** despite being made out of ice frost walkers, known for something is their speed and quickness in reacting to changes, having a speed and stamina 3 times better than a human and a reaction speed 5 times better
- **Ice affinity:** Frost walkers are one of the best races when it comes to ice magic getting a x4 boost of any ice related magic. As well they are able to create and control the natural elements around them at a 15 meter distance.
- **Painless:** They won’t feel physical pain when hit, not even after losing whole limbs.
  
  **Unlockables:**
  
  **level 5:**
- **regeneration:**  Ice walkers can regenerate their bodies fully as long as the temperature around them is cold enough, starting at 0 degrees. They can regenerate a whole limb in 5 turns and at -15 degrees they regenerate in 2 turns. Cold water also activates the regeneration 
  
  **level x:**
- **Snow body:** frost walkers with a snow body become light and faster, enough to fly on their own and gain a speed and reaction speed 8 times better than a human. These come with the cost of durability. Their bodies break as easily as snow breaks and they start to melt at 1200 degrees.
- **Crystallization:** Crystallized frost walkers are heavier and slower only as fast as a human, in compensation to this their bodies become a lot more resistant, durability and magic defense 6 times better than a human and they won’t start melting till the temperatures around them are 2500 degrees.
  
  **level x:**
- **Snowstorm (requires snow body):** Snowstorm frost walkers bodies are shaped like a cloud of small but very sharp shards of ice and snow they can control into any shape in a 50 meter distance and cast magic from anywhere on it.
  They have a great magic output, ice magic being 7 times better and other kinds 4.
- **Glacial (requires crystallization):** Glacial frost walkers can form ice around their bodies to grow in size from normal to massive, their ice is also stronger, their physical strength 2 times stronger than a human and their ice formations as strong as titanium can be controlled in a 50 meter distance.
  
  **level x:**
- **Blizzard:** an area 100 meters around them is filled with a storm of ice and snow, in this area temperatures are reduced to -20 degrees Celsius, vision becomes very limited and the enemies are blasted each turn with the equivalent of a c rank spell of ice and wind damage.
  The user’s speed and ice magic is doubled while the blizzard is active.
  Last 5 turns and can once used cannot be activated in the next 2 rps.
- **Aurora prims:** 
  
  **Description:**
  
  Frost walkers are being reborn from recently deceased bodies placed in the northern waters under the moonlight. Their bodies are made completely out of ice with colors that vary between white, blue and purple tones, resembling the appearance of the body they were reborn from, albeit of average size if the deceased was bigger or smaller.
  
  Shards of ice usually float around them with shapes and patterns changing to the likes of the person, shining with cold light in the dark.
  
  **weaknesses:**
- **Fragile:** frost walkers’ bodies are brittle as they are made out of ice This also makes them not very strong having half the human strength.
- **Fire:** fire and Fire magic inflicts into them double the damage.
- **Full melting:** a frost walker dies if their bodies are fully melted, they may survive and regenerate even if only shards of them remain though.
  
  **History:**
  
  One of the oldest races in Vielora appearing before the coming of the 7 gods when the world was still covered in ice, legends say they were created when a talented magician enchanted a frozen river so he could bring his daughter back to life. turning her into a being of ice able to survive the frozen landscape, That’s what the legends say at least, no one is sure why the bodies placed in the northern frozen water are revived, it doesn’t always work but is a miracle no one dares to question.
  


- {{renderer :mermaid_67f72311-355d-4b94-9518-9e245339e8d6, 3}}
	 ```mermaid
	  
	  graph LR;
	  BASE[Frost walker] --> REG[Regeneration];
	  REG --> SB[Snow body] & CRYS[Crystallization];
	  SB --> SS[Snowstorm];
	  CRYS --> G[Glacial];
	  SS --> BLI[blizzard] & AP[aurora prims];
	  G --> BLI[blizzard] & AP;
	  
	  
	```

- return to [Graveborns](./Gravebornsmd)
