# Skies onboard
	- *You have won a ticket to join the skies onboard – an experience many people say you should live at least once in your life.*
	  id:: c4c9a581-2c5e-440e-a409-eab33b4cd213
	- *It's a flying ship that travels all around the planet, teaching you about many small things from different places, and the many things you could get to do there.*
	- *There are many activities inside the ship. You could go and hear about different legends; you could sit and fight with others; you could even be one of the first people to test the holograms, where you fight with fake big monsters and are rewarded with small trinkets.*
	- *This event showcases different mechanics of the world. It introduces the world as a whole, showing players the different things they can do in the hope that they get interested.*
	- *It is also an event made to collect feedback, as it is the very first of the beta events. People can give feedback about what they think about the races, the combat mechanics, and the stats. Everything is free to change at this point. Of course, most things were already being considered, so it's not like we'll make a whole overhaul, but big changes are still allowed.*
	- ## Characters
	- [[Charlie]] , Charlie will be a recurring character no one that will be all that important but that face you will commonly see here in  [[A nature's relic]]  in the star of the [core island]([[core-island]]), maybe afterwards he often leads adventure groups he's a man famous for his adventure spirit and wish to learn. If players are interested in him he may appear more but that will depend on them, I'm not planning to push this character like a few others
	  id:: 681ae33b-1996-465c-b5cd-f5aceeb5ccab
	- ## Objective
	- Show people the world. Show people what they can do. Get feedback and interest. Introduce a few mysteries. And more importantly, teach people that the main mechanic in this in this world is that you grow money by yourself.
	  id:: 681ae3bb-3095-4078-8747-e78971a2eb35
	- ## Story
		- ### Prelude
			- As this is the very first event even before the main history, the only things that will come before this are the history of the world. How did we get here? About the history it will be talked a bit about in the event, talking about how the world has been somewhat peaceful, the limitations, how space seems to be inaccessible even though the technology to get outside apparently ever exist. This kind of little mystery is that try to get people into doing something. After all, the important thing is to teach people that here you can experiment, do whatever you want.
			  id:: 681ae368-6aa7-4964-bc37-1e554687c734
		- ### Main part
		- ### Post event
	- ## Concepts and notes
	-
	-