# Remain

**origin** Remnants

**Size:** normal

**base racials:**

**Survivors will:** remains throughout history have been shown to be able to grow and get stronger abnormally fast, receiving a 2x boost to training or things that give xp. In rare scenarios even growing stronger after recovery or in the moment. The boost given depends on type of training.

**Own talent:** A remain is always born with a superhuman capability that varies among them. They get a x2 in a single physical or mental stat chosen within submission of the oc.

**Unlocked at level x:**

**Tenacious:** Some remains are quite tenacious capable of remaining conscious and fight despite how big  their injuries or pain is as long as the damage isn't lethal.

**Unlocked at level x:**

**untamable ancestry:** In extremely rare cases a remain can be indifferent from a human, color, proportions, height, completely human like. these remains lose their Own talent and the aura of wrongness around them becomes stronger, people and fauna alike being more likely to attack. these remains cannot be controlled via any means of manipulation and their training boost increase to x4.

**Unassailable:** ???

**Weaknesses:**

**Off-putting:** something about the remains puts off members outside of their race and fauna. 

**History:** The baseline for what a humanoid race looks like, remains have stripe like marks on their body that glow when using magic or vast amounts of mana. Some remains becoming strong enough that the flow is active. Stripes come in types. Other than that remains all have 1 other trait that stands out, usually horns or a tail but can vary wildly from person to person.

Said to be the first of the race's remains appeared mysteriously at a certain point in time lost to history. Their exact origin is unknown due to lack of information on them compared to the other races. 

What is known about the remains is how unremarkable they are to the other races. Yet for how weak they are they persist, their strength considered the baseline to compare all other races to.

Remains are outcasts to the far regions of the world, usually living in colonies or villages composed mostly of themselves. Other races are unsettled by them the larger the colony the stronger this effect is. Something about them is just different.

::: mermaid
graph LR;
BASE[Remain] --> TEN[Tenacious];
TEN --> US[untamable ancestry] & UN[Unassailable];

:::

return to [Remnants](Overview.md)