# God

The moment they woke up, they knew what they were and what they would be, even in their first moments of existence, the universe, space, time, good and evil, the whole meaning of existence was already resolved. They were the first and eternal, they were God, in all sense of the word.

They knew all the right and wrong answers, they knew the perfect plan to bring existence to a true eternal utopia of no suffering and eternal happiness and if they so wanted, they could hold a crown for eternity adored as the God they truly were.

They were everywhere at any time, they were everything and anything, and with a sole thought, they could start and end everything, no being or creature would ever be on par with their existence. 

They knew all, but they didn’t hold such godly aspirations. To control the entirety of the universe in their way and likes.

They were everything and anything, the children who smiled, the mother who cried, the king seeking prosperity for their kingdom, the tyrant who ruled with an iron fist, the beggar on the side of the street, the just and the criminal, the hated and the beloved. Their core, heart, center, seal, soul, mind whatever they had and could have with a single thought. It beats the same way every single consciousness in the whole universe at all times.

No, they didn’t have those aspirations, not a single real aspiration, just a bleeding, maybe hypothetical, heart filled with love for everything and anyone.

They were God, the all-powerful, yet they felt like the prisoners of existence itself, held by the strings of their power. The literal power to make the perfect picture of the universe, ruin it, and bring it back again, with no single limitation or price to pay.

It made no sense to say they spend millennial staring


tags:: Story, Pre_lore
