# Soul chasse

Soul chase introduces a underground group that will be of great important through all story, a feared organization seeking to utilize the essence of a soul to artificially grow stronger, for that they experiment on people till nearly o completely destroying them.

A breakthrough occurred and now their most powerful experiments, near of fully shattered monsters roam free.

This event is not about that organization, is about the monsters and their greatest success.

## Characters

- mayor of ruined city
- god of will
- [Alma's](../../characters/divine/guardians-higher/Alma-(Soul).md) first appearance as Vita
- Elisabeth
- 7 kingdoms rulers
- Deyanira and Akuma, first and fourth of the fallen

## objective

introduce soul mechanics, soul shattering, Vita, deepen roles of the cities, formally introduce the ruined city, formally introduces evolution. Is the trigger to core island

Is the real introduction to the story.

## Story

### Prelude

Just as the dwarf Elisabeth is introduced as early as GMF, she is a Nyphen whose adopted father is one of the most feared people in the whole world, only because of that she is respected, as she is also considered among nyphen society an outcast.

Elisabeth wishes to introduce the beauty of her hometown to the world and to make real friends, this attitude, brings her to the center of many side and main events, most notably, her role as a peace maker during DGA.

After DGA she simply banishes, if you weren’t already a friend of her you wouldn’t hear anything. If you were and if you were given a hidden Ruined pass you will soon know she is gone and you will be “asked” (forced) to help. Here lies the only chance to actually save her. It will be already too late when she returns on her own. And the damage only worsens the longer you take.

### Main part

The main part of the event takes place either after you find her or after 5 side events, when she escapes. And what happens depends on when you find her. If you find her early you will find her soul damaged and her drunk of essence wishing for more.

If you are too late she will return, broken bones and wings, blood splattered but alive, eventually physically healed. But she is hiding the true extent of her wounds.

There are routes in between depending on when you find her, but as a general rule. If her hair is tied up, she will be the enemy.

#### Possibility one, found after 3 events

Hunger was all she knew walking disoriented around her room for the first time in months. It felt known, yet so unfamiliar. The man that picked her up, her father promised a lot of things, food, protection, he said he would protect her, she would never be hurt again. 

He was crying, so happy and hopeful, yet scared as if touching her meant she would disappear again.

It was so touching, despite her broken memories, Elisabeth was sure she never saw her father cry.

So why couldn’t she feel anything about it? Why this room, the room she slept on since she was a baby, didn’t feel like more than hotel room?

She needed to leave, she needed to feed, she was so hungry it was painful, and that was the lesser of her pain

### Post

The end will depend on the beginning. When she escaped:

- **after first event** she will be mostly fine, traumatized and with a new connection with alma, as her living vessel, she will continue being important, and a lot more powerful.
  
- **After second event**
  
- **After third event** She and Vita share a body, no one has more control than the other and when one talks the other's voice sounds in echo. No one is really happy with this, but is the only thing that stops Elizabeth from shattering or revolving back into her monster self. She has evolved, the first Ethereal one that keeps the looks of a winged remain, what she always saw herself as.

    She and Vita have constant internal conversations, and she learns a lot more than she is suppose to. with her newfound power, is her who calls for power, triggering a rip that causes the [white crystal butterflies](../unsorted/white-butterflies.md) to arrive.
  
- **After forth event** She is somewhat alive, but only because of Vita, she enters in a coma, with her soul struggling to be kept together. This outcome leads to a much earlier clue into the inverted, as there lies the most powerful revival magic after God and her full self. And [core island](./core-island.md) is called earlier.
  
- **After fifth event** She doesn't survive, her soul is too shattered and Vita as only a single piece, cannot do more that give here more lucid time to stay with her father and talk about what happened. Vita will only then reveal that souls still exists despite being destroyed, but collecting all pieces to revive someone is near impossible for someone nor her on her full power. She cannot help, and she is scare, so she calls for [power](../../characters/divine/guardians-higher/God/Alex-(Power).md) seeing in the eyes of her father and in the passion and bravery of this almost goner soul, the determination that will allow them to survive their long postponed destiny. [Core island](./core-island.md) is called earlier.

## Lore Notes

**The eyes of wisdom:** An underground organization experimenting with souls, using stolen leftovers of gods ritual collected over centuries.

For years they were kidnapping and experimenting on people, but something happened and a multitude of people both in process of shattering and shattered monsters escaped.

**essence:** a substance gods seem to be able to make infinitely, yet they know next to nothing about it, and the main component of a soul.
