# The Dwarf, The Goblin and The Automata (DGA)

DGA doesn't start immediately after GMF, it's build in the course of the side events happening in between. the dwarf, goblin and automata will appear during or after the side events to trade scrap found during the events in exchange for gear or information. The gear more often that not will come handy during the event or for the next one, to give an incentive to find scrap pieces.

The door to ask and join them is always open.

It will not be till the lux core is collected that the main part of the event starts.
- ## characters
- Bartholomew (dwarf), goblin, automata, builders of the machine
- stargaze council, and the mayor of stargaze, important in the final part
- the artisan god, first appearance
- ## Objectives
  
  Intro to human story and the remains legacy, her first {redacted}, awakening of the masked race, lead into [Soul chase](./6.Soul-chase.md).
- ## Story
- ### Prelude
  
  Despite being almost the last main event of the first arc, its importance come as early as [GMF](1.GMF.md). Bartholomew introduces a mechanic where you can give him or his family, "a very rare piece of metal" in exchange for powerful gear. On its own the scrap is worthless so hopefully this will incentivize players to just give it to him.
  
  He will appear after or during side events showcasing his progress. At the start, nobody believed that what he was creating was going to be worth it. But, soon enough, the stuff he was creating became so complex and was showing so much promise. People became interested, starting investing. More scientists joined the project. At this point, OC's are allowed to join too. If the Oc that joined is a remnant, it would become even more important.
  
  tags:: Story, First_Arc, Events