story:: Timeline

-
- As it is for any story, the first arc of Vielora is a lot calmer than the ones that follow. It's after all how everything starts. And it starts softly. It starts with events that talk more about the war and different challenges that are around. is about the kingdoms that are around the cultures, the challenges inside. But as events continue, they start to get more serious. 
  id:: 680f9bd3-1af6-4f67-b9f0-62574fe01d7c
-
- There's something otherworldly that is hiding between a few of these events. It starts with the zoo where there are creatures that seem to come from somewhere else attacking everything infecting fauna and causes of chaos and A character that also seems out of place. A character from a race that is not from this realm, who talks about a history of people of other places suffering because of a fight of higher beings. This is the first interaction with the inverted. 
  
  Then there's the winter's coming. Chill compared with the previous revelation, but  equally as important, a criminal case, and it's linked with the organization that will cause a lot of the pain in the future history. In fact, is directly related with what happens after the next event, DGA.
  
  DGA is a culmination of a mechanic that will start since the very beginning. When you can give the dwarf  scrap pieces in exchange for weapons artifacts powerful things that will help you in your adventure. When someone gives them the last piece, the Lux core, it builds an event related to humanity in the past, the max destruction weapon, the war. At the end of the conflict, it is introduced also an important character who calls themselves Vita. they and Emerald are there to help end the conflict at the end. They are the only reason you will be able to prevent the out of control Automata from destroying everything.
  
  This also reveals a power from Emerald that will lead to the next event. Soul chase is where everything starts to get serious here. It starts with a prelude event that is only unlockable if you actually became a friend with Emerald so not all people would be able to get into the event unless invited by someone who was And, by befriending Emerald, you get the choice to save her. Saving her or will change the stuff happening in Soul chase and divide the rest of the story in four different routes. Depending on how long you took completing the prelude, or if you do at all, the next to events might switch places or change plots. In the ideal scenario, you will have white crystal butterflies first as an event that Emerald triggers and will put athletes in the uncomfortable position when she had to reveal herself so she so she can also So people grow stronger by Many events that happen in the second arc One for sure no one no one no one even know this will tell you who she really is She knows but she also knows it would be dangerous if people knew She's just a very strange child