# The observatory
	- *The observatory is an observatory, but it is also a lot more than that. It's a huge building where the brightest minds in the world tend to reunite to talk about their ideas. It is set in Stargaze City, so it also moves around with the whole city. There is a spell inside the observatory that allows you to look at any place the observatory can be in any year, and not just the place where it currently is. After all, it would be annoying if you had to wait a whole year just to take the picture you want from this space.*
	- *The observatory is currently having an open tour so people can visit it and learn about what's in there. The main attraction is, of course, the giant telescope. Because of the barrier, people are unable to actually get into space, but that doesn't stop minds from wanting to study it, to learn about it, and maybe someday find a way to get past the barrier. Learn about the other worlds written in the depths left by humanity. And who knows, maybe one day reach the worlds they touched, see if maybe there are still humans out there outside of what once was Earth. Not many have those high hopes, after all, if there actually were humans out there, why haven't they come back here? You can see why this event is also about these types of legends that exist around the world, the questions about the future, and the innovation existing.*
	- ## Characters
	- ## Objective
	- ## Story
		- ### Prelude
		- ### Main part
		- ### Post event
	- ## Concepts and notes
	- [[The barrier]] , as it is, was called it, is the invisible limit anything inside the planet can reach. No one really knows why it got there or what exactly caused it but everybody knows what what it does. Between magic and the advancements in technology, there has been long since the technologies and magic techniques necessary to arrive to outer space existed but for some reason when someone tries to get that high up they simply can't there is a point where if you reach it you get teleported back into the ground rendering the attempt worthless and many people have tried, fire into the barrier launch spells magic experiment to see if there is some sort of invisible crack within it but not, everything that tries to cross it gets teleported back into the ground even worse even if you fire something. But according to the scripts left by humanity and notes and diaries from Nyphen from generations when humanity still existed, humans already reached space and it was never a mention of the barrier. So people are still trying.
	-
	-