# The eye Of the storm
	- location::  Ruins
	  Goverment_god:: None
	-
	-
-
- ## Description
-
- The eye on the side storm. An island that exists in the middle between the northern frozen and the ruins. The name comes for the fact the Island is impossible to get in because of The Storm.
  id:: 680d9d2f-b4c4-484c-9248-a0c457307e5a
-
- Torrential rains and sharp hail magical in nature, hypersonic winds, and most importantly, dark mana that flies at the speed of the storm. Many people have tried to cross the storm many of the strongest known have tried to cross it, but to this day, no one has succeeded. Trying to fly inside will make the winds push you at fatal speeds to crash into the mountain ring that surrounds the island while your body starts to wither by the sheer amount of dark mana that is pushed into it at great speeds, and going through foot risk you to be drown or impale by the dark mana filled sudden floods and hail, not even water based races seem to be able to breath inside the contaminated water, and trying to evaporate it liberates the dark mana in a purer more volatile form. Staying for too long will almost certainly cause dead, this is the reason no one knows what is inside the eye of the storm beyond the ring of mountains. But many rumor old treasures of humanity, or a powerful monster able to generate the storm just by itself.
-
- ## Lore information
- Inside the storm, lies a city that isn’t there. There are rivers of dark manna flowing down the mountains into the center, forming rings and rings of what it seems to be a huge crater of an explosion that reaches over the horizon, every building is untouchable and you can walk right thought them. It's not as bad, yet it's somehow worse than Core Island. The place is heavy, but heavy in dark mana. just walking deeper will make you feel sick and it becomes harder and slower flying becomes out of limits because of this and magical abilities weaken a lot, doing any of these things will will backfire as your magic simply refuses to go out simply disintegrating as you try.
- You walk and you walk for kilometers over kilometers of city while feeling something is looking at you, you may find one or two artifacts of humanity interesting ones But, outside of that, nothing seems to be here. Everything is gone by whatever caused this crater leaving a shadow of a place, preserved by eternity. You continue walking, You reach the center. The sky is perpetually gray. Not enough light can enter to differentiate between night and day. When you reach the center, you see a figure. It seems to be a woman. Young, maybe barely in their twenties, very long curly brown hair, taned skin, normal clothing, a jacket, shirt, jeans and shoes, looked like a remain but not, no lines on her body, now unproportioned features, so normal it was strange. She was kneeled, closed eyes and a very subtle smile, she looked like an hologram, she looked as if she was made out of crystal but it's not really, you could try to touch her and then stuff start to get weird.
- id:: 680da326-a60d-4ca1-b7a0-4d4ffef1475f
- [The sceneries changes]([[Alma-(Soul)]]). What was broken and empty become a huge street. There's a house behind you. Big, beautiful, modern technological advance beyond what you can understand. Yet nothing is right. Everything is dark. And a white light shines above the sky. The Earth rumbles. And then static starts to feel everything. Earth breaks. Earth starts to float. The light in the sky approaches and engulfs you. Then... Then it's gone. All the static is around. You heard the scream. And then you're back. Everything is empty again The figure still stands there But now she's holding something It's a note, it seemed to be written by someone with very bad calligraphy or with a rush but still clear.
  id:: 680d9d30-24cc-436a-9301-7e6df31a85aa
-
- "I'm so sorry. I saw many realities, many timelines and many possibilities. And this was the best possible course of action. I, for the first time don't know what will come out at the end. But I have to increase the chances. I know this will cause a lot of death, a lot of suffering. It was never my intention. It wasn't a decision I took lightly, but I know it will be a lot worse if I don't. I'm collapsing. I feel the threats of what I am changing I losing control, everything is getting blurry. I know what will happen now but they will not and I cannot stop it. The point of no return was crossed long ago and I cannot go and revert it without first destroying everything we built, and it would also make everything worthless. I know this might not make any sense and honestly I hope it doesn’t. But I need you to do me a favor. For the sake of everything that continues after this point, I need you to search for something. ..."
  id:: 680eb4f9-6c6d-484f-b014-86272d315a58
-
- This is a message from Omega. She is asking you to get something that will directly activate an event from the main session. This message will change depending on what you get. If it should only possible to get here after Alex and Core Island but in the just in case scenario, it will point to Core Island. If not it will point to the tower. If it is not, it will point you to any of the events that will get the missing vessels or the missing shards of glass or whatever Zenith will be looking for at that point.
- Omega is asking you to get into the Vielora event. She's asking you to bring Alma back. It seems contradicting but at the end it was needed for Alma to return for herself to return and to prevent herself to commit many atrocities she might commit otherwise in her grief. She knew already she was losing control after the bright. She is not perfect nor impartial and she still has no idea what Alma actually is. she will not sacrifice a whole universe just to have Alma and also breaking the promise she made for her.
- She will not sacrifice Alma to get back to Alma.
-
- #story/setting/locations/Ruins