### Characters
	- [[Ember-Merciful]] [[Starry-Vengeful]]
-
- "Luckily for us, nyphen don't need oxygen to survive. We can hog everything we need for as long as we need"
- Snow glasses, many scarves, the warmest gloves and jackets and pantas and boots she could fine, no matter how many she placed on herself, the girl never seemed to be able to warm herself up, everything had been so freezing cold for months since that flash of light destroyed everything, food have been scarce, water was as limited as the heat needed to melt the ice. There wasn't enough oxygen to breath without oxigen tanks. She wasn't sure how much longer she could last, and yet she remained here even while everything else she knew was gone.
- There was only one thing that let her continue despite everything. Her sister, Lilith, lucky enough to also survive, but even more unlucky to do so while not being awake, and not waking up at all. Elisabeth had been taking care of her, maybe to hopefully one day discover why she became comatose after the flash, maybe to find a way to wake her up. But in the meantime, The only thing Elisabeth had managed to do is keeping her heart beating through all the fuel she could manage to find to keep her warm, Through all the oxigen tanks she could recover, to keep her breathing, through the limited medical and scientific knowledge she inherited from her parents to be able to feed her.
- If anything she considered the cold to be a blessing, by now in normal weather, most of what she gathered would have gone to waste. they her food was frozen could, but at least it was still edible if she was patient.
- Her checklist for this week was mostly complete:
	- Gather food.
	- Gather any kind of heat or fuel source you can find, not freezing and having liquid water depends on that.
	- Gather any medicine, bandages, alcohol and medical and cleaning implement you can find.
	- Check and fix any leak in the room if the room cannot survive the cold wind you are dead.
	- Make sure Lilith is clean, fed and she has oxygen.
	- Keep studying the survival guides you found in the library.
	- Keep reading the magic guides you found in the library.
- She was on her last two tasks, to learn how to survive and to learn any diminishing amount of magic her human body can muster, if any. Even just being able to create a single flame would be enough to make her life so much easier.
- Trying to find nyphen that could teach her magic was a gamble she wasn't willing to take, everyone was desperate, Nyphen were completely unable to harm humans, but that wouldn't stop them from taking her resources, or using her, or may mercy forbids, her sister, as a shield against other nyphen. She wasn't stranger from the various groups and mafias of nyphen formed around taking the resources anyone who's alone has.
- So she had not other choice but to sit on the floor of the hospital room she and her sister were living in and take once more notes on her notebooke, her plasma gun was next to her, the limited oxigen made the cheaper and easier to find guns weaker and not very efficient against nyphen, and she was very short of plasma bullets, she had to make each count.
- Humans were never meant to have magic. She knew that, many people more talented than her had tried for years before the flash to muster magic, all failed. But she must do it, any form of magic. Her and Lilith's survival depended on that.
- ----
- That was Elisabeth's life since the flash. Wake up, check on her sister, clean her and make sure she had oxigen and was being fed, check the room and the rest of the hospital for any crack or leaks where cold could enter, and just when everything was in order get out and scavenge for anything they were running low on, all while avoiding encountering nyphen for long enough they noticed she was human.
- These days it was pointless to deny it, she was jealous, nyphen could fly, they didn't need to climb and traverse ruins filled with glass and debris, they could use magic to heat and heal themselves, and meanwhile each cut meant for her expending alcohol and bandages for disinfecting and covering wounds, and weeks for those wounds to heal. And on top of that nyphen could spent weeks without water and food, she had to eat every single day just to remain strong enough for the next scavenge and to compensate for the cold.
- And she didn’t doubt nyphen were inventing more spells to make their lives easier, maybe some spell to create light instead of carrying a flashlight everywhere for the perpetual clouds and darkness of a city without electricity. Maybe they will eventually create magic electricity or something, rebuild these cities, recreate the inventions humans first started but that were destroyed in the flash.
- "They never needed us" Not for the first time Elizabeth concluded as she was scavenging a car for what she believed would be her only hope for her and her sister to survive. An energy crystal, for her use case only one could mean infinite energy for them to warm up, heat their food and maybe even run the medical equipment in the hospital to find a way to wake up her sister, or even better find a way to make the computers work again and find something, anything for them to continue forward, maybe even help, a dim hope that there would be humans or maybe an alliance of human and nyphen somewhere using some surviving network to look for survivors.
  But once more no luck with the crystal, only the glowing marks that told a story she saw often, there used to be a crystal there, but as they did with pretty much all human machinery that used them, including the engine of this car, they exploded in the flash. The car would be unusable even if she tried to use normal emergency gasoline that before the flash was being sold less and less in favor of the clean and efficient energy that was mana.
- Not for the first time Elizabeth thought about her father. He would talk so often about the advancements of energy crystals as a clean energy alternative, how after so many years and advancements in clean energy sources, fossil fuels was still a necessity in more use cases that he liked to admit, but even when it was clear it was a thing of the past, because of the business of many rich people those contaminant fuels would likely remain for more years than needed, specially with the war. Her father till the end had hope that it would all resolve, that eventually there would be laws to protect nyphen, that peace would return once more for a brighter future.
- "Maybe that brighter future won't have us in it."
- There was little she could do about it now, she cried already about the life she lost, no one would return and this car was useless, she could not lose more time on it, nights were always colder, and weirder, she had to gather as many resources as she could before it got darker.
- ----
- "FUCK! Fuck! Fucker Not again!"
- Elizabeth stood inside a shop, or what used to be one, she hoped this one would be hidden enough, that it would take longer before this one too was raided by nyphen. They left nothing, just hallways of empty stands and broken glass, she barely had time to brought part of the products here to the hospital, and now they were all gone. Now she will have to walk further to find a new place with resources. Further away from where her sister rested. Why couldn't she just wake up? They could just leave, find new places when resources ran low, have more hands to carry everything. She would not be alone walking endlessly among piles of ice and snow.
- And yet the hope that Lilith will someday wake up was the only thing keeping Elizabeth going forward in the eternal winter.
- "Maybe the mall in the 54 street will have a shop still not raided, that place always had half its stands underground, and its layout is confusing as hell."
- ----
- ~I'm just a spark within Your hand~
  ~You came and shaped me who I am~
  ~I remember where it all began so clearly~
- Singing might be the only thing that kept Elizabeth with any semblance of sanity, hearing her own voice without having to think about being talking alone. Specially when she was exploring inside buildings. Office buildings, giant windows, many desk with whatever life people had here before the flash, places so liminal now that they were and forever would be dark and empty. Elizabeth always hated visiting these places, They always reminded her the amount of people that were now gone, not counting the fact that these tall buildings were a gamble to traverse, one moment they could be standing all fine, the next they could crumble to the ground thanks to lack of maintenance and a lot more ice and wind that they were ever designed to resist alone, that or tampering by nyphen. But when times were dire she discovered these buildings would be the more reliable source of food and energy. Nyphen raided the supermarkets and stores that were more obviously stocked with resources, but would often underestimate the amount of resources in office buildings, places made for people to work and reunite almost every single day, before the flash they would be stocking on food to feed workers or would have a cafes or stores inside. Not in amounts as big as a whole supermarket, but for two people it was enough.
- ~I feel a million miles away~
  ~Still, You connect me in Your way~
  ~And You create in me, somethin' I would've never seen~
  ~When I could only see the ground~
  ~You turned my silence into sound~
  ~So when they say they don't believe, I hope that they see You in me~
- Often Elizabeth would distract herself imagining there was people there, working as if nothing had happened, all reacting to a girl with a huge bag, and a shopping car wearing a bundle of winter clothing stealing food inside their office, they would probably think she was a beggar, wonder how she got there, and would be already calling security to get her out of the place.
- ~After all the lights go down~
  ~I'm just the voice, You are the sound~
  ~A different kind of chemistry~
  ~How You've become a part of me~
  ~And when I sit alone at night, Your thoughts burn through me like a fire~
  ~You're the only one who knows~
  ~Who I really am~
- Sometimes she would twist that scene. Imagining that people wouldn't care about her appearance and sing along with her, this song that was so old she found it among her father collection of vintage music from the earlier years of the internet, centuries before she was born.
- But always not matter what, she would return to reality, remember there actually wasn't anyone there, and that she should get going, she couldn't know if this building would last as much as it seemed or if it would unexpectedly fall. And that Lilith was still in the hospital, still depending on her.
- ----
- "Just what I needed a territory battle"
- Luckily for Elizabeth she was just going out and didn't have anything in her hand that would call attention to her. She checked once and twice her cape was well placed and gave the  illusion that there could be wings under them if one don't look too closely.
- Fights against nyphen weren't what one would expect, they weren't firing spells against each other trying to overwhelm anyone with magic. They couldn't, even now Elizabeth had concluded they could not muster any magic that could allow them to hurt others, instead their fights were a lot more mundane if you ignored they flew most of the time, knifes, swords, debris, guns if anyone was lucky enough to find a working one, rarely magic outside of healing or supporting, and only if someone was creative enough to use magic to get around limitations, like maybe somehow damage a building enough to make parts of it fall over enemies. Didn't help with the structural integrity of the buildings, but in a world that was already in ruins, no one cared enough about preserving what was still standing.
- At least no one but her who couldn't fly and therefore couldn't escape if a building fell over them. This was for her the mayor danger about sticking around any territorial battle, she had to run and leave the area as fast as she could. Preferable without being seen.
- ----
- Sometimes Elizabeth wished she had never seen other humans, she had, every so often there would be one or a group of survivors passing by, more often than not there were nyphen in those groups, old friends, families, it didn't matter, despite the war for many nyphen were part of their families, their friends, even their lovers. Many had offered her to go with them to find somewhere safe, some even had credible ideas about how they all could thrive despite the end of civilization as they knew it, but none wanted to take Lilith with them, they all claimed she would only slow them down, some even tried to convince Elizabeth that there was nothing that could be done to save her sister, that she should only let her go. After that, Elizabeth always denied their offers. They might be right, maybe Lilith will never wake up, but Elizabeth would rather die hoping than abandon her sister. What point there even was in her life without that hope. She had already lost everything. And even if she survived till she was old, she would still remain here in this cursed frozen wasteland, if ever generations would pass for a mere resemblance of the beautiful world that was taken away from them would appear once more.
- So one time after another, Elizabeth would watch those groups walk to the horizon and disappear in the endless snow to never be seen again. Even those who made promises of returning for her, they never returned. If any of them were successful, or if they died, Elizabeth could only imagine.
- After they left She would always return to the hospital room with her sister and tell her the story of the people she met, she would always record their names inside her diary and sometimes cry about the lost opportunity, these days, and only these days, she would resent the coma of her sister whose closed eyes, covered by her short brown hair, were ignorant about the destiny of their world and their family.
- ----
- Sometimes Elizabeth passed by the tech stores in search of anything that could be useful for her. She had learned that anything that used normal batteries or fuel was valuable and very unlikely to had exploded in the flash. That solar panels were pretty much useless, that anything labeled magic-something or mana-something was trash and that she wished she could have gotten prosthesis before the flash.
- Elizabeth had always been enthusiastic about the technological advancements, she wished to have studied engineering once she got into college and waited even more impatiently to the day she was old enough to get tech enhancements. In her country, by law you weren't allowed to get prosthesis till you were at least twenty-five years old, when your body and mind were completely develop and a bunch of opinions by old people. The only exception was if you were medically required to have one, maybe if you lose an arm or were born without one. Neither case applied to Elizabeth, she and her sister were healthy so they had not other option but to wait. And now she could not get one even if there wasn't anyone to tell her otherwise. It would be stupid to cut her arm or take her eyes out and there wasn't anyone around with the medical and technical knowledge to apply the procedure to her. But it would have been so nice to be able to see in the dark, or have arms that could extend outwards, or legs that were stronger and able to run almost infinitely through the ice without hurting, or that if they were destroyed she could just grab another from any of the abandoned stores to replace her old one. But now, she was barely reaching eighteen years old when the flash happened. She was one-hundred percent a human of flesh and bone and her legs hurt if she ran for too long, she was stuck with the reach of her arms, and her flashlight permanently occupied a place in her bag.
- ---
- No book Elizabeth ever owned received as much abuse as that basic guide on magic for nyphen that she owed. Every single time she failed on executing even the most basic spells she had the tendency of punching it, throwing it to the wall or even scream at it. She just didn't understand, it was a known fact taught in schools that humans had mana, that they had created and were able to use magic tech , even she had used some of them before, and yet, for some damned reason humans were unable to make use of that mana on their own. And all existing magic tech had either exploded or stopped working so in practice there was no mana she could use. And yet magic and mana where the only hope left. If only she could muster even if just a little, fire magic, healing magic. Anything, it didn't need to be big, maybe then she could do more, need less fuel, scavenge even in the colder nights, heal her wounds, maybe even heal her sister.
- And yet she was powerless over her own biology. Sat on the cold floor next to the bed her sister still slept on, crying over a useless book made for children nyphen to understand how to use their magic, without being able to execute even the most basic form of magic listed.
- Next morning she needed to search for another hospital or anyplace that still stored oxygen tanks. They were running low on them, Elizabeth calculation told her they had only one more week worth of oxigen to live with before she and Lilith start to suffocate. She better start collecting more sooner than later.
- ----
- The first few weeks Elizabeth tried to record how many days had passed since the flash, that effort helped a bit with her sanity but she soon discovered it was pointless. The temperature was pretty much the only thing that differentiate day from night, it was always dark and always cold. Dark days full of clouds were almost indistinguishable from full moon nights. Some days, specially when blizzards struck were so cold that the might as well have been nighttime, and some nights were kinder enough they could have been daytime. After who knows how long Elizabeth was sure her internal clock was completely off. Time for her was measured in available resources, how much she spent per "day" and how much energy she had to go out. The empty streets outside were another way for her to measure time. Since the flash she had seen no animals, and the view from her window almost never changed, but layers over layers of snow still accumulated over time and she had to clean it out every so often so she would not be trapped inside here when they got too big, and ice 
   was always growing on the sides of the building nearby in ever bigger clumps she would take note about to know if she had to get out and break them down before they cause the building to fall and make her scavenges harder than they were. If anything these mundane activities were what kept her mind occupied, that and reading, she had a whole collection of books she had brought back from scavenges to keep her entertained, from fiction to useful things like medicine and survival guides. At this point she knew how to make Molotov cocktails, knew what to do if she got trapped inside the snow, knew many chemical reactions she never thought she would have used in another case, knew how to take care of her own wounds and disinfect and stop bleeding, the composition and different types of ice, how to identify when a building was about to fall, how to repair said buildings and more important than anything, knew how to take care of her sister, how to feed her and make supplements she could feed her with, how to manage the medical equipment that wasn't made useless after the flash. Her father would have been proud of how much she had learned. And while the "nights" were too cold to even consider going out Elizabeth liked to read out those books to Starry and the imaginary image of her father she sometimes placed at the corner of the room. All before kissing Lilith on the forehead and sleep on another of the hospital beds.
- ----
- Elizabeth will never consider herself an expert on nyphen, in fact she will never claim she knew anything about them. But she had grown familiar with them and in her opinion, the people who decided to declare war on them were the most stupid filth the earth had ever seen. Nyphen and humans were never all that different, magic, wings genes that overpowered human ones, they were people trying to life their lives, take care of their children, and live among humans as the gods told them they had. They never asked to be made as some sort of shiny gift for humanity. and yet, as she had heard from a conversation she had with a nyphen during her scavenge, they tried to make the best of it, live as if there wasn't any order inside their very souls, grow and be as mundane as physically possible. Even if after the flash they had the best chance to survive, they all also suffered great losses, and had to continue forward with the same reality human had to deal with their whole story. Life was a shit-show where there would exist people who will become your best allies and people who would take advantage of them, being human, being nyphen, being whatever. And right now that last group was making factions to grow their own power with multiple motives behind. Elizabeth had learned who to avoid, how their wars started and how to avoid getting in the middle of them. Who she could afford to talk to and maybe trade to. She still would no join anyone, not while trusting one side could cost her and her sister lives, but she had grown familiar with the skeleton of a society that was growing around them.
- ----
- And gods, Elizabeth never knew how to feel about them, even before the flash. She was born in a world that already had learned about them, a world were nyphen already roamed around as members of society. But she had learned the history, gods they appeared one day on earth, a planet that before them already had its own beliefs, that already had grown and developed without them, and yet against all beliefs humanity had at the time, the gods just accepted them and presented them the nyphen as a gift. and for years the gods stayed around just to leave in dead silence one day, all before war broke without a word from them till the very end. Many are the stories she heard from the nyphen, they begged to gods to return, to protect them when they were massacred in masses by the filth of humanity.
- Nyphen have all the right to just hate humanity, and many do. Actively finding ways to get around their incapability of hurting them. And yet many others still will get out of their way to help even humans. If anything this was the reason why Elizabeth still believed there existed kindness in the world
- ----
- Elizabeth exhausted all other options, she had to move Lilith to a new place. The resources around the hospital were running out and she was taking longer and longer outside just to bring something before someone else raided the place and took everything her backpack and shopping car couldn't carry. Today she managed to locate another hospital, in an area that was still mostly avoided by the nyphen. The once "center of magical investigation and containment" one of the many places around the planet where, before the flash, nyphen, mana and magic where tested and experimented on, once with truly good intentions, to understand the anatomy of the nyphen so they could have proper healthcare, to create new awesome technologies based on mana, and in general the places that were then writing the pages for a bright future. All before governments and big companies bought many of them and twisted them into places that investigated anything, machines who absorbed mana from nyphen, containment devices, many machines that could only described as creative killing machines. And probably the most feared, the destabilization device.
- Elizabeth still remembered with horror the day it was announced, a year before the flash. Her father did everything he could for she and Lilith to not be caught by the propaganda that claimed it was and a great investment in the defense of the planet, that claimed it was necessary and a achievement. Instead she and Lilith got the real horror filled version.
- Everyone knew nyphen weren't humans, that was obvious, but many still ignored, or at least didn't paid attention to the fact that difference went as far as the very composition of a nyphen's body. No biological cells of organic matter or carbon structures, but a careful craft of mana made to imitate organic biology til its very functions, blood that wasn't blood, heart that wasn't a heart, even brains that looked and acted like a brain but was all concentrated mana so powerful could burn grabbing it with bare hands. Similar enough to human biology that most human treatments worked on nyphen, but so different it allowed something like the destabilization device to exist.
- When the waves it produced touched a nyphen it damaged the very structure of mana that makes them, a rapid propagating cancer that instead of tumors of something expected in a human, it makes nyphen start melting from the inside out, goop falling out of them in disgusting clumps as the nyphen painfully starts to die, the death is quick but no quick enough, and what is left at the end is a big pound of very reactive mana. No flesh but still looking enough like flesh and blood for Elizabeth to regret ever seeing photos.
- Yea... even she who wasn't a nyphen didn't want to put a foot in such a place. Even if she was sure that any machine or experiment there should have exploded and become worthless after the flash. But she was hungry and she needed a safe place for Lilith to stay, so survival had to suffice over morals.
- ----
- The world before the flash was complex, so much brain implants and cognitive augmentation was becoming a need as soon as you were old enough for the law of your country to allow them. there was even those who as soon as their children turned 18 traveled to places where the implants were allowed at such an age, just so they could have an advantage.
- Her father wasn't like that, he was pro-technology and everything, but he also believed children must remain children, so he more than once told Elizabeth and Lilith to enjoy the simpler times. To not let this algorithm, chaotic and technological world to take away who they were, that whatever comforts, entertainment, and luxury it promised wasn't but a temporal illusion. And how right he was.
- He told stories of he as a kid, in a still very complex but slightly simpler world, and stories his great-grandfather told him about an even simpler world. About times that were probably even older than his great grandfather, where old people complained the younger generation had everything easier with access to all the information in a instant via the internet, and yet those endless amounts of information were a blessing and a curse, for as time passed you were expected to be even better, even more intelligent, even more sharp, even more knowledgeable about a world growing past human's capabilities to even attempt to process it, so when complex machine learning algorithm were able to be put into the human brain to process countless amounts of information without always having to fight the computer. Many jumped in the second it was available. And Elizabeth never had and never would be able to experience it first hand, but those implants seemed to truly have helped many transverse the human reality.
- The current world after the flash on the other hand was simple, survive in whatever way you can and try to make the most of the time you have. It has been months? a year already? Elizabeth wasn't sure the old world felt so far away now, like a fever dream that was starting to give Elizabeth a headache just thinking about the endless amount of stimulus. She doesn't love it, she would have rather never have the flash happening, but now that it happened, one could guess this peace among the freezing cold was the one thing good about it.
- ----
- Elizabeth, especially now, considered herself to be a crafty person. Cars were pretty much useless in this place, and even if they weren't most had either exploded or their engines had completely frozen anyways. And any form of heat, being fire, electricity or fuel, was too valuable to spend it in a vehicle that probably will fail once more once the engine frozen again.
- But she could still use them for parts for a transportation module her sister. Using whatever knowledge she had on mechanics and cars, all that was taught half by her father and half by school, to take whatever was salvageable from many cars to create a viable form of transportation in this frozen place. She also hit jackpot with one working battery to use for powering up a portable heater so Lilith won’t be cold in the travel. Then attached the module to a vintage electric powered ice vehicle she found underground that was still in good enough condition to use for this single task. The whole setup was very rough, with barely enough space for her remaining oxygen tanks and whatever food and bottled water she could fit. Her books and everything she wasn't in urgency to bring had to be left in the hospital. She was sure she could pick them up later.
- Lilith had always been thin, but dressing her up in even more warm clothing and placing her in the improvised bedding made out of the softest mattresses and car seats she could find, her sister felt so light Elizabeth for a moment felt she was carrying a doll. With her always straight and soft brown hair just long enough to cover her eyes and that peaceful expression that ignored the cold reality around them.
- "Ambulances were one of the first things they put energy crystals on remember, no luck finding a working one."
- "But this almost looks like a tomb"
- Elizabeth attached the module into the ice vehicle and prepared to leave. She didn't like it, but she decided nighttime, no full moon, the obvious nighttime, was her best opportunity. Even nyphen didn't like to go out at night for some reason. And her vehicle, there was no way it wouldn't grab the attention of some gang. today less than ever she wanted to gamble encountering nyphen who hated humans.
- ----
- The wind and the engine were the only sounds around, the only stuff visible was what the light of the vehicle's beacon could reach. Everything else was completely pitch black, there wasn't even stars, just dark  clouds in the sky, and those where always there, some nyphen would even say they were there to hide this forsaken world, left to rot by the gods.
- Elizabeth had to get used to the darkness, she had admit she was terrified of the darkness before the flash, imagining there were monsters hidden behind the shadows of a room where lights were turned off. Lilith was always there to calm her and turn the lights of, she always would take the opportunity to laugh at Elizabeth's fear, remind her the only monsters wore suits and claimed they were doing good while taking everything.
- But light switches weren't even a thing anymore and the dark has become her reluctant friend. The travel was peaceful, eerily so, through everything Elizabeth couldn't help but think there was someone or something watching her, and more than once she was tempted to stop and try to point wherever those feelings came from. All the times she had to remind herself the dangers of loosing her way, she didn't have time to waste, her batteries could be enough, but they also could have not been. She couldn't risk it.
- That's when she started hearing a melody, a solemn voice and a violin tune. It was beautiful and so out of place. Elizabeth didn't doubt in pushing her accelerator. Was only her mind or were the shadows moving? Was that a person or only debris making the shape of a person? What was happening?
- Elizabeth didn't stop she couldn't afford it but the feeling of dread was rising. Was there an actual reason why nyphen didn't go outside at night, beyond the colder temperatures and the darkness?
- Elizabeth swore there was a hand rising from the shadows towards her when she finally reached the CMIC. Large fancy walls that separated this campus like institution from the rest of the city. As soon as she crossed the gates the voices and the moving shadows stopped. She didn't think twice and closed and barricaded the gates before deciding she was safe.
- "Just what the hell was that?!"
- Cold sweat ran down her face as she went to check on her sister. Still there, still breathing, the oxygen mask still on her face. Everything was okay.
- ----
- Elizabeth did not make any detour, she immediately went to the hospital she located inside the center that other day, there she prepared everything for Lilith in what remained of the night, a new iv, an hospital bed carefully chosen in one of the private rooms from the hospital. Second floor, close to the staircase yet without any window for the cold wind to enter. This room, she disinfected with some cleaning products she found in the basement of the hospital, dusted the pillows and mattresses, and placed all necessary resources close nearby, before carrying Lilith upstairs to her new room.
- This hospital was a lot better than the one they stated before. Elizabeth reluctantly had to admit. It was bigger, all windows were properly reinforced with blight glass, The structure was very strong still despite being completely abandoned in this harsh environment and her theory seemed to be right in that no one seemed to have entered this place in all these months. A place with completely untouched resources and medical tools.
- But it was still an hospital, and next day Elizabeth would start redecorating where she could, to make this place feel like a home for a long it lasted. But for now the night had tired her, she needed to sleep and recover forces to scavenge the rest of the institution.
- She didn't want to be ungrateful, but even when she knew nyphen avoided this place like a plague, it was too weird that no one had come here at all. It seemed not even humans passing by had thought in checking this place.
- ----
- The institution was divided in multiple main buildings, eight according to the map Elizabeth found hanged inside the hospital. There was the hospital of course were every person related to the institution could receive treatment but there were also the main building, the one that everyone first think of when thinking in this institution. A place Elizabeth had visited in the past before the flash, when she was a lot younger. And this place wasn't still turned yet,at least not the public eye, into the horrible killing machine factory that it then became.
- Elizabeth could remember as being a big museum telling all visitors about the investigations and operations the institution was making at that time. Everyone acting so nice probably to win your trust or your money depending on who you were. Auditoriums, quirky exhibitions, expensive furniture and small demos, Elizabeth also remembered a library that she was probably going to dig in eventually.
- An office building that was probably the place all the leaders reunited to talk about their dirty plans, a recreation resort, a big hotel area exclusively for those inside the institution, and the buildings where the actual investigation occurred, the remained four, each focused in a specific topic.
- One focused on the biological aspects of nyphen, one focusing on magic and mana in general. On focused in the investigation of new technologies applying magic. And infamously the one building that was made exclusively to hold the production of the destabilization device, anything outside, or at least that was know of. were smaller buildings such as cafeterias, kiosks, fancy gardens, and miscellaneous stuff.
- It was all probably a lot more beautiful before the flash, but now everything was covered in snow and the vegetation dead, and even such a fancy place suffered when it was abandoned.
- Elizabeth plan to explore this place was to first investigate for food, that is always the most urgent thing, but then to check the investigation wing of the institute. Elizabeth had a feeling that if there was a generator or backup no mana base battery, it should be in those buildings. It was an always just a feeling but if those building held "valuable" work and knowledge they should preserves, a generator in case lights fail was mandatory.
- ----
- searching for food was quite easy, everything considered. The hospital, the main building, the office buildings, and although she hasn't entered, she guessed the investigation and recreation buildings would have food too. There were a lot of canned food, human kibbles and long-lasting foods, even the nutritional paste she fed her sister with. Of course, before the flash, there was the war going on, but there was so much food, it seemed people here expected they will last here for months.
- In part better for her, if they didn't use it, of course she would use this food. Nothing was going to be wasted.
- She tried to think in expectations for this, surely these people didn’t know the flash would happen, or if for some horrible reason they did, they didn’t survive it, there were so many corpses preserved by the freezing cold, another proof that this place wasn't touched at all. If anyone was there, they would have probably moved them out of the way, or if they felt kind enough, give them a proper burial.
- Elizabeth wasn't about to give these people a proper burial. so she let them there or moved them if they were in her way. She did what she always did when collecting food, mark the places where there were resources and only bring what was immediately necessary. She had already learned the bad way the first month after the flash.
- If you have all your food in a single place, if something happened to it, you would be left with nothing.
- It took a while, but only with three buildings checked, it seemed they will have inventory of food for a good while. Seriously, why were the people here saving so much food for apparently tens of people worth months?
- They weren't really that afraid that the war would turn around and they will be trapped here or something, right? Before the flesh and before the fallen appeared, humans were undeniably winning the war.
- Whatever. She had to explore the rest of this place.
- Call it morbid curiosity or something, but decided to investigate first the origin of her creeps about this place, that one building that was made to hold the destabilization device.
- ----
- She didn't know what about that the specific building was giving her the creeps. The lobby was very normal, more or less what she expected, expensive marble floors, screens torn off, fancy sofas with cushions that were in the contest to become her new bed, papers completely untouched, and many fancy decorations that were once upon a time more expensive than the rent her father once paid.
- Some decorations that even nowadays could have some value if you sell them to the right people, or stuff that without energy were more valuable for their material value than the object itself, like the light magazines that stood on one of the tables, once a novel way to read books with the physical interaction of turning paper pages, all while gaining the advantages of a computer, now little more than textured glass and a few components taking the shape of a book.
- This lobby seemed normal, but as always the good or bad stuff was always behind the pretty gates. And Elizabeth decided to go past the lobby. No guards, no robots nor security there to stop her, and walked directly downstairs. \
- She missed elevators so much. After she found the emergency staircase, Elizabeth went down ten floors until she finally reached the bottom one. In none of these floors the luxury disappeared, even if this was supposedly the emergency staircase. In each floor there were hallways and hallways different investigations and experiments that Elizabeth decided to not explore yet.
- When she finally reached the final floor, she found herself in a hallway with the lights off and yet with a strange blue glow coming out from the end of the hallway.
- "That's not right."
- With more worry now, she started walking. Flashlight on one hand and her plasma gun on the other. Realistically, no one should be here. She has seen no signs of no one ever touching this place. Could there be a generator o battery that could have lasted so long while being used and without maintenance? She was too down underground to try to explain the light with an opened window. And even so that light was too bright, to be natural light, it was neon blue.
- The blue flash was so bright that it was hard to see what was originating it. She approached it slowly to the end of the hallway and the wall of glass, and then see what it was to with her own eyes. And what she saw was what she didn't like.
- The light came from the destabilization machine. At the end of the hallway, beyond the glow, the machine stood out as proudly as it did the first day it appeared on television. Out of literally anything, this didn't explode, this war crime, crime against nyphen, crime against humanity, unlike cars, unlike sophisticated medical machines, unlike everything she held hope it would work and then didn't, this didn't explode. Elizabeth had to laugh, but not out of joy.
- The door and the walls that separated her from the destabilization device were made out of blight glass that modern still expensive and very structurally resistant glass that put to shame any knowledge you had about glass being this fragile material. It may once have been an incredible security system to prevent any intruder to access the machine but the energy that was filling the device was already very clear It didn't feed the rest of the building. Elizabeth only had to push the door sideways, and then she was right in front of the destabilization device.
- Inside it smelled like a dead corpse. That was one thing that she didn't like to admit she had gotten used to. but it also smelled like rotten mana. Because yes, mana can decay, not normally, but it can. And the smell of rotten mana was universally agreed to be one of the worse smells there. It was a very acidic and potent smell that was combined with the smell of rotten meat and another impossible to describe tone the make you feel nauseous. A smell that burned your nose, even beyond the oxygen mask. The origin of the smell. The corpse of a melted down nyphen on a chair that was in front of where the machine was pointed towards.
- Elizabeth had already regretted seeing photos of such a scene, but in real life it was worse. One might as well just imagine a human had melted down. Except it was also glowing, added the rotten mana smell. worse, she wasn't even used to strong smells anymore. The freezing cold mild even the smell of rotten meat and her oxygen mask didn't help in making those smells more noticeable. But even then she smelled it as strongly as if she didn't have the oxygen mask on. She couldn't resist it, she left the room and closed the door just to escape the smell before she vomited on the spot. That room had be sealed with that smell inside for months.
-
-
- #Story/BrainStorm #Characters/Character-stories
-