# Religions

## Stellarium

“The stars may be watching over us“

Most wide spread religion in the world, a religion that believe that each star in the sky is a manifestation of the gods that governs over different aspects of the universe, Gods are pretty much confirmed to exist, with blessing of them being heard of even on this day. There’s no official bible or writing about this religion, nor a doctrine that it set in stone for the believers to follow.

## The supreme god religion

Is a small religion, a very small one whose members are mostly remain and nyphen, a religion that believe there’s only one true god, and all the other ones are either false prophets or extensions of the one and truly depending of who you ask. Some consider their believe strange or even outrageous and insulting, but ultimately they are just consider people with weird believes, and some pretty popular festivities. It is believed this religion came from the times of humans, surviving by being passed to the descendants of groups of nyphen that lived closely with humans on its last days.

## Fallerium

Worships the fallen, a religion that is banned, the members of this religion are divided among the whole world, they have a divine book called. “the diary of enlightenment“ each found copy is burned.

insert a name for a religion that worship the eldritch

Another banned religion, people who worships beings they call the eldritch, aside of the name who or what they are are mostly unknown with records being few, vague or straight up false. They do sacrifices in exchange of power, one that corrupts the ones who get it in unpredictable and horrendous ways before disappearing to never be seen again.

tags:: Story/Setting/Folklore
