Mechanics:: Soul

- # Shattered souls and shattered monsters
  
  A shattered soul in an incomplete or heavily damaged soul, if a soul is the very being of a person shattering a soul means shattering someone’s being, there are degrees of these, from noticeable change in personality to someone forgetting who they used to be, to complete and permanent erasure.
  
  The damage goes beyond personality changes, as a soul shatters, the victim loses their abilities and the bodies morph and crumble into what's known as a shattered monster.
- ## Process of shattering
  
  The state of their bodies are a visual indicator of how much of the soul is damaged or gone
- At 30% cracks start to appear in the physical body of the victim, these cracks emit light of a color related to the god who created the soul, they describe to be in constant pain and they crave for mana, mana potions are enough to temporarily satisfy them, but the expected effect of recovering lost mana not longer applies, these individuals also suffer from personality changes, even the most calm and patient ones become violent and lash easily at others for the smallest of provocations.
- At 50% of damage victims are considered clinically insane, showing sociopathic and/or psychopathic behaviors, empathy is gone, and according to family and friends their personalities are almost completely different, they show animalistic behavior, and some admit they want to kill and feed on the mana of others, hunger is unstoppable and mana potions barely mutes the craving, no matter how many they drink, all their abilities  become weaker, half what they had previously, but with the weakening new abilities seem to appear inexplicably, super strength in people with weaker bodies, night vision, heightened senses, are a few of them, but these abilities are barely researched. The cracks in their bodies grow larger, fangs and claws grow, their skin and eyes turns grayish, often described as dead and emotionless.
- By 70% the victims barely remember who they are and the knowledge they had on anything fragments into incoherent pieces. These memory holes worsen over time. At this point physically they barely resemble who you used to be, they are covered in cracks, the body, and facial features morph, the body described as glitchy and constantly changing, growing arms where they weren't before, head and limbs falling from their bodies just to reaper on it or in wrong places, every feature of them, sharp aggressive, yet fragile looking, like broken glass. their old abilities only work in 20%, and any ability related to knowledge seems to straight up don’t work. But the new abilities strengthen. If they get new ones is unknown, no respectable scientist will ever try to experiment on them and any encounter with one has a potential to be fatal At this point they are officially called shattered monsters. Constantly seeking death to feed to preserve what is left of their soul that will continue to break.
- At 90% they are gone in any way aside from the few bits of soul that hang their existence by a thread. Bodies are no longer recognizable and they are unable recognize anyone around them, they are intelligent enough to act on will but animal enough that only your instincts matter. At this point it is considered there’s nothing to be done to save them. Every not fatal encounter with one these beings recorded is encountered with a constant incoherent muttering and screams of pain and anger. They are dangerous despite the complete loss of old abilities, hundreds may die before the soul finally breaks and when the soul breaks, they are gone, no god will be able to save them, no artifact, no magic, nothing, they are gone for good and forever.
  
  A shattered monster is not a race, but scientists tend to classify them as daemons when talking about their biology and abilities. They are a mystery, but if it is not to find a way to save them, is not a mystery worth solving...
  
  tags:: Souls